Document disabling item operation (#886)
api-platform/docs: core/operations.md

API Platform Core is smart enough to automatically register the applicable Symfony route referencing a built-in CRUD action
just by specifying the method name as key, or by checking the explicitly configured HTTP method.

> If you want to completely remove item operations, you have to declare a default GET operation so that the resource can still be identified by an IRI. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to allow access to the resource item (i.e. you don't want a `GET` item operation), instead of omitting it altogether, you should instead declare a `GET` item operation which returns HTTP 404 (Not Found), so that the resource item can still be identified by an IRI. For example:
```

```
<?php

> 

Reviewer: Missing namespace...

use ApiPlatform\Core\Action\NotFoundAction;
use ApiPlatform\Core\Annotation\ApiResource;

/**
 * @ApiResource(
 *     collectionOperations={
 *         "get",
 *     },
 *     itemOperations={
 *         "get"={
 *             "controller"=NotFoundAction::class,
 *             "read"=false,
 *             "output"=false,
 *         },
 *     },
 * )
 */

>  class Book {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 class Book {
 }
```
